the Harlem Globetrotters are Tukey of
the owl boy 2 :
be born midgets the ultimate show ponies
on the court
Maria was stoked to hang out with a
couple of the stars and the team ahead
of their New Zealand tour nice ha ha hey
everyone I am Rita - earPod the code
family and I have the privilege of
hanging out with Slick Willy sure and
sweet J from the Harlem Globetrotters
now this is quite special for me because
this is my home this is my home stadium
and I'm super stoked that I'm actually
really lucky to be hanging out with you
guys so how's it all going to begin with
it's going wonderful I'm very excited to
be here in New Zealand I first time New
Zealand just made my 75th country it's a
beautiful country to people just so
welcoming I love the atmosphere I can't
wait to come back with my the rest of my
team it's crazy what about you yeah I
love it especially the beach you know
I've learned some words sweet a sweet J
I don't know New Zealand such SNC is no
sweet I don't know how you're saying I
think the accent kind of through it yeah
just stick with CJ but now we'll be here
June 5th through the 14th we're just so
excited to be here always super excited
to have you guys here as well what are
some things that you guys can teach me
that I can hopefully somehow so on to
probably be an honorary Globetrotter to
be an honorary Globetrotter yeah I like
the way that sounds and we're gonna help
you with that all right yeah all right
let's just suck into it yeah so
Globetrotter passes it right okay guys
so I've got my sweet band I got my
wristband pretty much fear yeah now you
just need to eat I'm gonna make all
right wait you're moving all right here
we go
I'm stand right here all right this
would you needs a little first trick I
want you to go over to take the basket I
want you to go around your back how much
you go between your leg out you go
between your other way
for your money back let's flip it all
night oh yeah
Ryu back around your backk half-wave are
you back there you go around the back
around the back get through the leg off
the elbow and spin hey now
okay ready around the ground the bed
round the back of here out of the back
again in the leg through the big off the
elbow off the elbow spin spin hey now
want to take the basketball you like
this one take like that wrap it around
like this you stop it back like that
that's it now right on neck just like
that there you go
thinks he's got it are you for real
might you're gonna have to replay your
like this pull it nice and strong
there it is that's a great finger - it's
a gold Trotter finger there we go yeah
this is nice
oh and she's got it on her own right
this is what I need to practice in the
next month yeah yes priceless those
three pass those three passes those
three wolves and the spend all right
wake up check you out
one bang atomic Jill nice so I think I
got this pretty easy just look down for
sure you know you can see if midium made
the team when the Globetrotters hit
kitty kitty door poor Nicky in Auto tahi
from June the 5th to the 14th hits a
ticket ick for details
Oh